P4Review2 - Email Notification in Minutes
=========================================

Have you ever wanted to be notified when a colleague of yours updates
a file or a job on your Perforce server? With a review daemon,
Perforce users can choose to receive notification emails as changes
are submitted to a Perforce server.

As a support engineer at Perforce I helped Perforce administrators
implementing email notification for their Perforce service from time
to time and [p4review.py](http://public.perforce.com/wiki/P4Review),
the original Perforce Review Daemon is always mentioned as a simple
example.

But life is never simple - while the p4review.py is a great starting
point it lacks the sophistication and features that many of our
customers are looking for. I started helping customers to modify the
script to their requirement and I started to extend the script with
more features.  [P4Review2](http://public.perforce.com/wiki/P4Review2)
is the result of that - so even if you are perfectly happy with your
current email notifcation setup you may want to checkout the new
features offered by P4Review2. Some of the many features includes:

* Authenticates against SMTP and Perforce servers with TLS/SSL
  support.

* Unicode support - even for non-ACSII characters in non-unicode
  enabled server if you use a single encoding.

* Configurable email templates which an be hooked with
  [P4Web](http://www.perforce.com/product/components/perforce-clients?qt-perforce_graphical_tools=1#qt-perforce_graphical_tools)
  and [Swarm](http://www.perforce.com/product/components/swarm).

* Option to send summary email per user per invocation instead of one
  for each change.

* Put limits on the maximum message size and number of emails that get
  sent.

* Built-in logging and extensive command-line options to facilitate
  debug and testing.


In addition to that, P4Review2 ships with useful defaults which you
can customize via a single INI-like configuration file so you can be
up and running in a matter of minutes.

Interested? Head over to the project webpage for the download and
instructions on how to set it up:

  http://public.perforce.com/wiki/P4Review2 
  (to be updated to include better setup instruction)

Questions? Have an idea? You can reach me at the [Perforce
Forum](http://forums.perforce.com/index.php?/user/1195-p4lester/) or
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/p4lester).

